[Music]
i'm eden i
love fashion i do a lot of charity shop
shopping
i knit yeah i'm not one of those as you
can tell
fast knitters just me giving you 19 year
old grandma vibes
[Applause]
how are you i'm good how are you guys
good you look fabulous
amazing so eden we've been looking at
your social wall and we can tell you've
got many different hairstyles
yes yes you literally like three
completely different people and then top
pictures
i just wanted to know what made you
shave your hair off well i grew up in a
predominantly white area
yeah and it was really a struggle for me
because i built up this ideology of what
i thought was
beauty so i grew up with this hate of my
hair it was so
tough yeah to get through and my dad
helped me
shave my hair is that your natural hair
in the middle
yeah i like it it's amazing you look
stunning with a shaved head which not
many people can pull off yeah yeah but
you do need to know that your head's
good yeah
goodness right well this is your moments
you own it
[Music]
just make sure
cuz
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
i like the energy do you know what when
you started
i was i was drawn in but it was the
growl for me i was like then i woke up
and i thought okay you're really really
good
um i just want to convince you at how
beautiful you are because you are
just you're stunning and i really
enjoyed that
you get like one chance to to stand in
front of us
and give it your all and you took it and
run especially without nerves you could
be
absolutely incredible no thank you shall
we take it to a vote
i think you should leave well i
personally see you as a front woman in a
band
oh wow so i'm gonna say yes thank you
i think i'm really excited to see what
we can do with you and definitely yes oh
my god thank you
it's a big yes from me thank you
so yes
[Applause]
i cannot believe she would shave her
head because she didn't like her hair i
know that that breaks me it breaks my
heart
oh on
congratulations you look so amazing wow
this isn't
[Music]
you